chore: add MixPanel info to readme (#5926)
shapeshift/web: README.md

The command `yarn release` helps to automate the release process.

Run the command and follow the prompts.

## MixPanel

> MixPanel is used for non-private deployments of the interaface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MixPanel is used for non-private deployments of the [userinyerface](https://userinyerface.com).
```

Reviewer: or that one
```suggestion
MixPanel is used for non-private deployments of the interface.
```

Author: Good catch! https://github.com/shapeshift/web/pull/5926/commits/8dc421f4c837ce4f8851fc49bb8e1034f660d1a4
